capital = 769

oob = "BRD_2188"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
}

set_convoys = 0

add_ideas = {
	service_by_requirement
	closed_economy
	isolation
}

recruit_character = BRD_communist_guy
recruit_character = BRD_aa2
recruit_character = BRD_ar
recruit_character = BRD_acd2
recruit_character = BRD_acr
recruit_character = BRD_coi
recruit_character = BRD_acas
recruit_character = BRD_awt
recruit_character = BRD_pot
recruit_character = BRD_nccr
recruit_character = BRD_aco2
recruit_character = BRD_democratic_guy
recruit_character = BRD_ncs
recruit_character = BRD_acgs
recruit_character = BRD_ncm
recruit_character = BRD_mt
recruit_character = BRD_nt
recruit_character = BRD_ai2
recruit_character = BRD_fascist_guy
recruit_character = BRD_stc

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 0
	fascism = 0
	communism = 0
	neutrality = 100
}
